Our app is designed to connect students looking for free food with event coordinators looking for increased interest in their organizations.

The concept is very simple. When an event coordinator plans to host an on-grounds event that will also provide free food to any and all guests, they will create an event on our app with a picture of the food or the organization logo, as well as a title, description, date & time, and location for the event. As you can see on the New Event View, this is all done quickly and seamlessly on one screen. The event coordinator can choose to upload a picture, or take a picture with their camera.

After the event is created, our app will store the information in our cloud-based database. When a user refreshes their news feed in the News Feed View, the event will now appear in the appropriate tab. The “Recent” tab will contain a backlog of all past events, as well as events that are happening right now on grounds. These will be sorted by the most recent event. The “Upcoming” tab will contain a list of events that are going to occur in the future, sorted by the next upcoming time frame. Note that each list item contains the picture the event coordinator added, as well as the event title and a time stamp for when the event started or when it will start.

If a user taps on one of these list items, they are taken to the Event View. This includes more details of the event, such as the location of the event and a Google Map widget that will contain the location that the event coordinator initially specified. It will also contain a more thorough description of the event, and options to share the specific event on Facebook.

The ideal use of this app is for a student to open it when they have some free time to see if there are any ongoing events that are serving free food. They can then go to the event, grab some food, and then learn more about the event, which they might not previously have done had they not known that there would be initial incentive to check it out.